Q1.
Create a circle exactly at the center of frame.On left click,color of circle should become red.On right click color should become blue.

Q2.Write a program to print all available fonts in java.Store them in a file.Use different fonts in your application.

Q3.WAP to test each state of thread.

Q4.WAP to check interthread communiaction using producer and consumer example.

Q5.WAP to create a lable and a button.On button click,change text of label.

Q6.Create 3 circles and 3 buttons(RED,BLUE,GREEN) on a frame.Color of all circles should change according to button you click.

Q7.Create 3 frames.MainFrame,StudentInfo and TeacherInfo.Create 2 buttons on each frame.
One is RED and one is BLUE.Background color of frame will change according to button click.
Define common Window listener for all frames.Try to define common button creation functions in CommonFunction class.Use class and object concepts wisely.

Q8.WAP to create 2 threads and get consistant output using isAlive() method.

Q9.WAP to explain wait() and notify().

Q10.WAP to create 3 threads as datamebers which will print 1 to 10, 11 to 20 and 21 to 30 in show() function.
show() function must belong to some other class.Set all threads on their own object.

Q11.WAP to check if mouse event can be applied on label or not.

Q12.Create a frame of 800X600.Create a lable.Initial text on label should be "Advertise"
Your task =
When mouse enters the frame,text of label should change to "Welcome to Regal.It's time to go for ADS".
When mouse leaves the frame,text of label should change to "Do not ignore Advanced Data Structure".

Q13.WAP to understand working of MouseMotionListner on frame.Just is listener and you will come to know about it.

Q14.WAP to create two buttons on frame.One is CHANGE and other is CLOSE.
When you click CHANGE,it must change the background color of frame.Try to apply different colors on frame on each click.
When you click CLOSE,frame should get closed.

Install Netbeans IDE.Solve questions in video in netbeans.
Note=
To differentiate between buttons,you can compare button object with eventsource.
So that you can use only one event listener for multiple buttons.